well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so uh tonight we're gonna be
talking to somebody who's here because
YouTube's algorithm is really creepy
good so I was scrolling my feed you can
imagine what my feet would look like
it's a bunch of political stuff and then
some you know crazy prepper stuff and
all of this you know just stuff that you
would normally associate with would be
and then there's a video that keeps
popping up telling me how to get past
that oh my hair stops growing and I'm
like well that's weird
but it showed it a couple of times that
I'm like you know YouTube's algorithms
pretty good so I'll go ahead and click
on it and then I clicked on some of the
other videos and sure enough it was just
showing me the wrong video from the
right channel so that brings us to
tonight's guest if you want to introduce
yourself what's up everybody
I am tak ad nappy-headed Hoba and
baseline boat a story I've done quite a
bit of different types of content over
the years
needless to say so after you know I
guess you did beauty and fashion stuff
but the one that caught my attention was
one that said well I'll let you get to
it but one line and it was like and I
know people are gonna subscribe get mad
for me interjecting this kind of content
part of the channel and it was about
Biden so tell us about that and I want
to know what prompted you to start
talking about to do open up to politics
like that before I answer your voice
once you started the recording has
sounded really garbled in the mic and
I'm just worried that your audio and
your end is going to record that way and
is there a way for you to like check
playback for yourself just as you can
actually use all this [ __ ] not but
let's see if that helped cause it
sounded normal before but once you
started recording it sounds like you're
going through a voice scrambler
yeah I'm way out in the boonies and it
actually once the recording start it
takes a while for to catch but you know
honestly when it comes to these videos
nobody's really hear me anyway listen to
you and you sound fine so we're good
question I over the past year and a half
or so I was just getting really bored
with my channel content in general so I
was starting to branch out from just
doing fashion beauty things like that to
talk about more social issues kind of a
racism white privilege 101 so to speak
because I've gone to predominantly white
institutions most of my life and
therefore I have a lot of white friends
who have no idea what my actual
day-to-day experience has been like they
have no idea what kind of challenges and
things like face and I just kind of
wanted to get some things off of my
chest because I was feeling extremely
unfulfilled talking about things as
frivolous as lipstick and hair only I
still like talking about that stuff just
not all the time and you know there are
definitely more important substantive
things happening in the world so that's
continued to evolve and while continuing
to explore those those larger social
issues being an sjw I suppose this
election this primary has been something
that has been looming but something that
I didn't really know if I wanted to
touch exactly because it's one thing to
talk about broad things like even racist
will pretend to think racism is bad I'm
not going to lose subscribers if I say
racism is bad but if you actually start
endorsing a particular political
candidate it's that old cliche you know
never talk about religion or politics so
the urgency of what I have seen
happening in this primary in terms of
the treachery and machinations of the
DNC and mainstream media I just felt it
on myself that I had to do something
that I had to say something after Super
Tuesday because I was fed up quite
frankly I'm just tired of seeing the
same things happening that we saw
happened four years ago and that we've
seen go on
for far longer than that and I've only
got one YouTube channel in one voice but
I'm damn sure going to use it
nice nice and the gist of video was
Biden is not my man yeah and then I
didn't get to watch it but you did a
live stream here in the last few days
that was I noticed that 1% was in the
title tell us what was some that went up
for us yeah I've been doing Saturday
night lives every week since we're all
in quarantine anyway and we've all got
more time on our hands and it's just a
nice way to kind of chat about things
you know a little bit more real time
than necessarily I would be able to with
a regular youtube video I have to edit
it and whatnot and I've just been
noticing that ever since the pandemic
began there have been so many pandemic
prophet ears with these corporations and
companies all of a sudden being even
more predatory in their capitalism and
in their practices and in the ways that
they're trying to exploit people in a
very vulnerable time where people are
much more inclined to shop to
self-soothe to make reckless decisions
just in that effort Yolo I've already
lost my job anyway like who cares and I
just felt it was so predatory because of
the inundation of emails I'm getting
every day that I wasn't getting before
all this started I'm getting emails from
companies that I haven't even heard from
or purchased from and 5-10 years like I
do you can still have my email address
and your contacting me now about free
shipping that's your offer get out of my
face so it just really irritates me and
if anyone should be if you have the
funds and you don't if you actually are
able to pay your bills and buy food
right now and you have funds to spare
don't kick it upstairs to corporations
support local businesses because they're
the ones suffering not Nordstrom dice to
go back and watch the
so you said you did a white privilige
101 you want to give us a crap real
quick well I mean it's not like one
particular video it's just an ongoing
theme of trying to I guess somatically
with any of the videos that I do where I
discuss issues of privilege and inequity
and things like that I try to have
patience because I know a lot of my
audience is obviously going to be a lot
of black women because people want to
watch people who they relate to and who
look like them so that is my core
audience and I want to speak up for
women who are pretty much across the
board underrepresented and often
marginalized I mean black women get the
short end of the stick far more often
than is warranted but that's not the
only people watching my videos and I
want to try to help them understand the
perspective and the experience that
we're facing because I have this little
platform you know it's sort of like you
know that old hip-hop credo each one
teach one I don't necessarily begrudge
anyone for not understanding my
perspective because I say all the time
the only perspective that you can have
in your is your own but compassion lies
and trying to understand perspectives
that are not your own
so if someone is trying to deny my
experiences as a black woman as whatever
then that person's getting blocked it's
pretty easy it's actually been very
convenience your calling by doing these
and figuring out who needs to go so I
know some people would probably
unsubscribe for me because they still
want me to just exclusively talk about
hair conditioner but I mean I think we
kind of get it by now like I think we
all know how to braid our hair at this
point you know there's some of the
videos I do you know that I'm like this
is really for 5% of my audience it's
like 5% of the people that are gonna
watch this it matters yeah but you're
right if you have a platform you kind of
have that responsibility too if you can
get a message to that by percent get it
out there yeah even with my first fight
yes thank you like that first fighting
video I had no idea that that was going
to get shared and circulated the way it
did I don't think I've ever had a video
hit over a hundred thousand views that
quickly ever like I'm very used to
having a very like blue-collar kind of
YouTube channel because it's a side
hustle you know it's a hobby for me it's
just something that I enjoy it's not my
career so that was very surprising to me
because I felt I was doing taking a
pretty big risk in doing that again
don't talk about religion or politics
but it's like listen if this can
convince five people to talk to their
parents and grandparents and convince
them to not vote for Biden that is worth
losing however many subscribers today
like I this is not my living so you know
it's just um sometimes you have to use
you know a platform that can reach
infinite people really once it's on the
internet it can reach pretty much
anywhere except China but even if that
platform is in theory infinite sometimes
we need to talk to a small portion of it
absolutely so you've been watching a
little bit about my channel is there
anything you would like to say um I feel
like you probably have a very dope
audience I don't really go down in the
comments too much because a huge part of
I'm a writer and producer and director
so I tend to make a lot of content for
like a corporate YouTube channels and
whatnot so I just know how dark things
can get in the youtube comment section
like if you want to lose if you're
feeling really good about life and you
wanna destroy that go and read some
YouTube comments but I imagine
nonetheless that across the board
because like I'm very lucky to have a
very for the most part you're always
gonna get a couple bad apples I've got a
very wonderful YouTube audience and I
really appreciate them and I feel like
we have our little parasocial family and
it's wonderful and I do think a big part
of that as
tracking what you are so I imagine that
you to have an amazing audience for the
most part you always gonna have a couple
but if I could say anything to your
audience I think this is just something
I've been thinking about lately is
particularly because of this this debate
as if Biden is viable
but anyway have the courage to have
compassion I think people think of
strength as being this bully and a
strong man type like Trump or like bited
used to be right now he's a shell of a--
he's a husk of a man but the truth is
strength empathy is not for the weak it
really isn't having compassion having
empathy having sympathy these things are
not for the weak in fact you have to be
strong to have those things and I really
hate that there's this perception in
this rhetoric of hyper masculinity being
equated with being cruel and callous
because that's just not the way it is so
is there how are you dealing with being
stuck about being stuck err or are you
staying home I mean I do have a dog you
might have seen her skulking around in
the background I do have a dog so I have
to take her out a few times today and I
still have to you know go to the bank or
to get groceries like so I'm probably
like going out out to do things like
that maybe once a week because you know
I still like to eat fresh food while we
still haven't we're still somewhat
pre-apocalypse so I I have been mostly
staying home it to be honest with you
it's not a huge adjustment for me
because other than maybe going out for
drinks and dancing with friends on the
weekend and going to my gym which I
would do pretty much every day I can't
do that so I'm working out at home the
dog is just like what the hell are you
doing
she usually leaves and beyond that it
hasn't been a huge adjustment because
when it comes to a you know staying home
and avoiding crowds
that's my lifestyle I've been training
for this my whole life so it hasn't been
that bad for me and I'm lucky because
I'm self-employed
so typically I'm home anyway as a writer
I'm usually doing my work right where
you see me right now so what are you
write I write shows so I mean I'm not
supposed to say the type of jokes that I
write but they rhyme with sick and it
starts with D and I have been mostly
doing digital content for the past
several years so I write a lot of
explainer type shows if you've ever
heard of the show I don't write for this
show and specifically choosing a show
that I don't write for it as an example
but Adam ruins everything that sort of
show was just like why is this like that
I'm the person behind just like that
[Music]
that's surprising so your channel is
literally a hobby and now I mean it's
not a small Channel no it was definitely
treading water for a long time there
because you know again how many videos
can you make about braiding your hair or
whatever but once I started talking
about things that were more important to
me I feel like people notice ironically
when I decided to start making videos as
if no one was watching people started
watching and it's cool I mean it's great
to feel like people are interested in my
rantings because that's a surprise yeah
that's actually very very relatable yeah
this was not supposed to turn into what
it did glad it did but yeah it was a
surprise so here's yeah so here's one
question I ask everybody that comes on
this show what is one thing that people
can do in their own community to make
the world a better place I would say
have the courage to work for a reality
that you may
never lived to see because you know I'm
fighting for a lot of the things that my
ancestors were fighting for we still I
got it that doesn't mean I'm gonna give
up so if it comes down to making YouTube
videos the five people watch maybe one
of those people is gonna tell another
person and maybe that person will tell
three people and eventually the message
will spread but don't give up on good
nice nice
okay and I just kind of realized that we
were talking about that video as if
everybody hadn't seen it and we're
saying don't you know
we might we might want to like kind of
stretch that out who who might they
should look for who would you recommend
who else would you recommend them not
vote for well it's interesting because
when I cleared that I don't support
Biden and he is of course repeatedly
being called the presumptive nominee
because let's face it the numbers don't
look good for Bernie but people are like
so does that mean you're gonna vote for
Trump and I'm like real question
I can't even dignify that with response
of course not but I mean I am I am
clearly a Bernie bro I mean this is what
we look like
textbook Bernie bro and I think one
thing that's really irritated me about
this entire primary as the you know the
Whoopi Goldberg's of the world of the
Alyssa Milano's continue to help put the
fix in to force by it and down our
throats
the worst part perhaps is this false
equivalency that people who refuse to
vote for Biden are somehow responsible
for Trump getting four more nobody owes
Joe Biden their vote Lisa ball me I
don't owe Joe Biden my votes and that
does not mean that I'm gonna go vote for
Trump and said
if that's who it comes down to in
November I am privileged enough to not
be in a swing state so from an ethical
level I don't have to be guilted or
shamed into having to hold my nose and
vote Biden like I don't have to do that
he'll win my state regardless however I
don't necessarily agree with anyone
doing that either because that's just
playing the DNC's game again trying to
dismantle a masters house with masters
tools
the whole thing's got to go so I don't
really try to tell anyone how to vote
but I am trying to persuade people to
not just hold their nose and spend vote
for Biden because it doesn't have to be
this way so let's assume the DNC gets
their way you're definitely not you know
saying to vote blue no matter who ever
heard in my life so would you suggests
people that are not in swing states the
third party if they're not I never I
never advocate staying home simply
because as a person of color people
literally die for me to have rights like
voting so I have voted in every election
that there has been since I became of
age and I will continue to do so you
know I do hear rumblings of a right in
Bernie campaign I don't really know what
the answer is I'm still kind of trying
to focus on this battle before the next
one which will be the general I'm just
like maybe Bernie can turn things around
because I do feel that Bernie still has
a very energized base but voter
suppression is very real even today the
day that we're recording this interview
there was the Wisconsin Democratic
primary and of course the GOP in cahoots
with Joe Biden's campaign forced the
primary through putting everyone at risk
and I believe in Milwaukee they
down from something like almost 200
polling places to five just because
polling place workers are just like
you're not gonna catch me put in my
health and life at risk because because
just because you guys aren't smart
enough to delay or do a mail-in primary
but things like this I mean it's just
voter suppression by another name not to
mention having insane lines we people
keep talking about how young people
aren't showing up for Bernie they're not
showing up for Bernie I also don't know
if that's necessarily true because one
you can just say that and then people
aren't necessarily going to vet it and
prove that that's not true people don't
usually actually go and follow up on
that data and - there is voter
suppression and that even here in
California here in Los Angeles where I
live I remember on Super Tuesday when we
voted the lines were longer than I can
remember seeing except for oh maybe 2008
interesting something and I also
suddenly had a new polling place so
there's all sorts of weird things going
on luckily for me I vote by mail so I
actually just take my ballot to my
polling place but I was just looking at
all the people in line like subsidy you
and that I had friends who are waiting
in line for three four five six hours
which is unheard of here and again I
think it's much more likely to suppress
young voters ability to vote because
even if they go to the polling place and
then they see that they have to wait for
hours
how many 25 year-olds do you think are
able to just blow off work and wait in
line five hours to vote zero zero point
zero maybe people who are older you know
our favorites the boomers maybe some of
them have a little bit more time maybe
they're retired maybe they have more
flexible schedules because they're in
you know meant more higher up positions
where they're able to actually take off
time to vote frankly everyone should be
able to take the day off to vote but
we're not there yet so in any event all
these things make me wonder if there is
any way out of this primary where we
aren't going to come out with Biden on
the ballot it seems like the Democratic
Party and the DNC like as I said the fix
is in so that's very disheartening so
come November if it is Trump and and
biting on the bow
which is what they they seem to want I'm
not out here trying to tell anyone how
to vote I'm not trying to tell anyone to
stay home or not I mean that's not my
place I do not call myself an influencer
and I will not let anyone else call me
an influencer but I do realize that
people tend to value the opinions of the
youtubers they like and perhaps who they
dislike and I feel like that would be
irresponsible of me to say go do this
just because I have a YouTube channel so
it's really up to each individual what
they do on that day in November I mean
god only knows if we're still going to
have a planet in November because she's
getting rid of us clearly but for me I
will be voting in November I guess
mailing it in rather than dropping it
off at my local polling place but I
don't see myself voting for Biden on
that day regardless I'm not voting blue
no matter who I've got a question
because I'm hearing you talk and I'm
just what is your perfect world what's
it look like
not like this I it's it's almost hard to
imagine because it's so different from
what it is now I mean I don't it's
interesting because people always say oh
the American Dream from rags to riches
that's one of the most misquoted things
of all time it's from rags to
respectability and there's far too few
people who are even able to achieve that
particularly Millennials like me who
have never lived through Orwell we're
living through the second like two of
the greatest financial crises of the
past century it's ridiculous the 2008
recession are now this one really just
out of control to experience in such
close proximity for for one generation
to go through you know I'm saying but I
do want to see a world where people
don't have to die because they can't
afford to go to a doctor or because they
sic and then couldn't afford to pay
their bills and went bankrupt i mean
you're talking to a person who doesn't
have health insurance i just have to
hope i don't get sick i would like to
see a world where people are paid fairly
regardless of what type of job they do
you know it shouldn't be a thing where
minimum wage means you're constantly
struggling to make your ends meet you
should be able to take a day or two off
a week it shouldn't be like unrealistic
to have one to two days off each week
and to still be able to live a life
comfortably where you're able to put
food on the table and not constantly be
chasing your tail the world i want to
see is one where the average person gets
to live a reasonably lovely life it
doesn't have to be private jets it
doesn't have to be oh I must live at the
airport because I'm so booked and busy
and I'm always out like this sort of
fetishizing of being a famous youtuber
influence right I mean I don't even
understand wanting back quite honestly I
just want to have money because I want
freedom and I only want enough money to
have freedom I don't need a gold toilet
well yeah that's you know it's one of
those things and it's it's hard to
explain to people who have economic
stability yes they didn't have that that
freedom is gone the freedom that a lot
of people enjoy when it comes to well
I'm gonna go do this for the weekend
there are people that would have to stay
for six months to go to that weekend
it's art to get that across to people at
times but so from what I'm hearing most
of your major concerns are I think those
are at the front of my mind because of
our current situation because I'm seeing
so many people lose their jobs and
unemployment rates are skyrocketing and
it's all centered around these core
issues of medical care and lack thereof
but in terms of you know just racial
inequities that is that is a very long
video
because the world I look Missy when it
comes to that we ain't got the time it
needs to be a page one rewrite on how I
would like to see the world change with
regard to the treatment of black people
period I don't even have a summary on
that song it's a long thing and it's I
don't even know if it's something that
can even realistic we know I think at
least by starting to create more
economic fairness that will at least
affect the predicament that black people
face because indisputably most black
people are poor to begin with you know
it's just uh there hasn't ever been a
chance for us to really thrive because
the I think Don Cheadle's said this
America's birth defect of slavery and
we've never as a people fully been able
to recover from that it's like just
because you see Will Smith doesn't mean
we finally did it you know what I mean
and it's difficult because I think a lot
of people are still feeling that they
are personally attacked anytime a black
person brings up our plight or blink
brings up something like white privilege
like well if I admit white privilege
exists and I'm guilty so I'm just gonna
deny that it exists there seems to be a
weird dynamic like that so I mean if you
want a summary I think that would be
step one is stop denying our experience
and giving us this bootstrap rhetoric as
if we're imaginating these things that
are happening things like redlining and
obviously everything going on with the
prison system as it is which is just
slavery 2.0 yeah definitely see from a
pragmatic view the economic issues the
lack of generational wealth all of this
stuff definitely feeds into
twitting a system that at least on the
surface everybody would like to see go
away yeah whether or not everybody
actually feels that way is a different
story
yeah a lot of it is definitely lip
service and I think it's encapsulated
really well by something took the late
Toni Morrison said she said if you can
only be tall by having someone else on
their knees and there's a serious
problem and that is pretty much what
we're dealing with in a nutshell let's
see okay so we talked about your channel
you have any projects or any anything
you want to talk about anything you want
to plug I do avoid talking about my
professional work because of fear of
being doxxed so no I mean just if you
guys want to check out my youtube
channel it's much appreciated I also
have a patreon where I do private
streams and it's a little bit nicer
because the chats go slower and I can
actually see everyone and respond to
them and it's just it's a good time
yeah I mean I have I wasn't thinking
about this when I came up with this
channel name but it's perfect for SEO
because if you search it you're gonna
get me my channel is called nappy headed
for Hoba and that's n AP p YH e ad e d
jo jo ba yeah that's definitely one that
it's one of those terms that you're
gonna have to say that a lot especially
if you're talking to center viewing it
cuz they're not gonna say it they I'm
gonna make you say there
you'll be like is it racist if I say
here Shh okay and I don't know I got it
in a sick twisted way I kind of like
watching people squirm all right so any
parting shots anything you want to get
out there last minute I don't think so
just once again the whole like liberal
snowflake that's up that's a bunch of BS
compassion is not for the weak empathy
is for the strong all right everybody so
that's the show for tonight
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night